What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	git init command intialises a repository by creating ".git" directory 
	in the repository.This is done because it keeps the track of metadata,
	i.e. history of files being changed at different instances(when commited).


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	staging area is temporary region which contains file/files with similar
	logical changes and need to be committed in single commit whereas 
	working directory contains the both files in staging and non-staging
	region.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	By adding all files having same logical changes to staging area we can 
	ensure that one commit per logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branching can be helpful in checking some features which we don't want to
	be there in main branch,rather just want to give it a check.And git keeps
	the history of experimental branch and master branch different making it
	easy to go back to master branch or vice-versa.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams helps in knowing what changes were made by which collabrator in
	short and remembering it becomes simpler.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	when two branches are merged the changes are brought together in single file 
	(commit) and all commits of two branches are interleaved.For simple 
	memorization and understanding it is represented as we did.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
	pros : I think if git would have automatically done merges then in case of 
	large files with many canges it would have been easier for user to work as
	that would take lot of time which is against the concept which git provides
	of quick and efficient ways of doing things.

	cons : there could be problem for user not knowing how conflicts have been 
	managed.And knowing conflicts resolution gives user more knowledge of project.
